Document type size limits (#5035)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/json.rst

        db> select to_str(<json>[1, 2]);
        {'[1, 2]'}

    .. note::

        This type is backed by the Postgres ``jsonb`` type which has a size

>         limit of 255MB. The EdgeDB ``json`` type is also subject to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        limit of 256MiB minus one byte. The EdgeDB ``json`` type is also subject to this
```
